santa has a team of Gators ready to roll
on this Christmas Eve and we leave you
tonight with a special reading of the
Cajun night before Christmas by Larry
ray thanks so much for joining us and
Merry Christmas
was the night before Christmas and all
through the house they donut team pass
not even a mouse the chair in the nasal
good snug on the floor and Mama pass the
pepper through the crack of the door
then mama
in the fireplace Don rose up some ham
stir up the gumbo and make baked a yam
then out of the Bayou they got such a
clatter makes sound like old Boudreaux
don't fall over his ladder so I run like
a rabbit to got to the door and trip off
the dog and fall on the floor as I look
out the dome in the light of the moon I
think man you crazy oh god war too soon
cause they're on the bayou
when I stretch my neck stiff there's
eight alligator of pulling this gif and
a little fat drove over with a long
Poland stick Rhino right way and got to
be old st. Nick
more faster and faster the Gator de came
he whistle at Holiday and called him by
name hey Gaston hey t-bohhh hey gimme
that Jesus was aunt Celeste already to
the top of the porch to the top of the
wall may crawl alligator and be sure you
don't fall like taunted Flo's cat to the
treetop he fly when the big old hound
dog come a run itself by like that up
the porch them ol Gator climb with the
skip full of toy st. Nick behind then on
top of the porch roof and sound like the
hail when all them big Gator done sat
down their tail then down the chimney I
gal with a BAM and Saint Nicholas fall
and settle the yams pray he exclaimed
my pant got a hole I've done shut myself
down on them red-hot coal he got to his
foots and jump like a cat and out to the
floor away land was a splat he was
dressing muskrat
from his head to his foot and his
clothes is all dirty with ashes and soot
a sack full of pleating he threw in his
back he looked like a burglar and that's
for a fact his eyes how this shine his
dimples how merry
maybe you've been drinking the wine from
blackberry his cheek was like rose his
nose like a cherry on second thought
maybe he lap up the sherry with snow
white chin whisker I'm quivering belly
he shook when he laughed like the
strawberry jelly but a wink in his eye
and a sugar his head
make my confidence there I don't got to
be scared he don't do no talking going
straight to his work but pleating in a
sock and in turn with a jerk
he put both his hand there on top of his
head casts an eye on the chimney and
then he dawn said with all that file and
then burning hot flame me I'm going back
by the way that I came so he run out the
door and he climbed to the roof he ain't
no fool him for to make one more goof he
jumping his skiff
and cracked his big whip to get a move
down and don't make one slip and I hear
him shout as a splashing he go merry
Christmas to all
July's so you smoke
ah